I'm not familiar with any such thing.
Have you been told that, sir?
No, I haven't been told.
Have you discussed that with Mr. Adams?
If I discussed that with Mr. Adams,
yes, I discussed with Mooshra,
I fact that he went to the hall of the Senate,
and that's correct.
Why, I know that he did.
I know that he was a criminal.
I know that he called on some, but I wasn't there.
And I don't know what the conversation was.
Did he call on them, sir, to stop the issuance of the fetus
of members of the royalty board, which is only a summary?
I think you are there, Mr. Adams, sir.
Well, sir, I'm as bad as an authorities.
If I'm wrong, and anyway, I have to limit your question
just to whether the secretary knows anything about that.
He wasn't respected, but you're my only interest,
or maybe I didn't make it clear.
He's directed to the secretary of knowledge,
and whether Mr. Adams told it on his return
that he, Mr. Adams, had communicated with various members
of the subcommittee and had tried to stop the issuance
of subpoenares to members of the royalty board,
which we have come.
I don't know of anything about that.
I'm sure that we were working within the limits
of the presidential executive orders
that covered this situation regarding the loyalty boards.
Mrs. Steven, I would like to leave this topic here
if I could only get an answer to this question.
When you came back from the far east,
did Mr. Adams tell you that he had communicated
with various members of the subcommittee
in an attempt to stop the issuance of subpoenares
to members of the Pentagon of the Army,
royalty board, which it quickly,
and I know that he told me that he called on the members up here
and had something to do with the loyalty board,
but I don't know exactly what was said, Mr. Steven.
Don't you know that the purpose of those visits
by Mr. Adams was to stop the issuance of subpoenares
to members of the royalty board?
Did he tell you that, sir?
I know that we have these presidential directors
that we have to operate within,
and I would take it, Mr. Colman,
that what you were asked in front of me,
however he came in conflict with one of those directors.
Sir, if I might say it just once more,
and if I don't make it clear, please tell me
and I'll try to rephrase the question.
I would like to know if on your return from the far east,
Mr. Adams told you that he had communicated
with various members of this subcommittee
and asked their help to stop the issuance of subpoenares
to members of your royalty board, which it is.
He told me substantially along that line, yes.
Your answer is yes, that is all I said.
He told me that he was loyal,
did he? I'm sorry, sir.
I'll trust him there.
I would like this concerns council,
I would like to ask these questions.
Did he also tell you that he had informed certain senators
that if we issued those subpoenas,
they would issue a report charging Mr. Colman was conned.
He did not.
Didn't he tell you, Mr. Adams,
that funny contact of certain senators?
He told them that if subpoenas were issued,
last, your department,
would issue a report charging Mr. Colman's part.
He did not.
When did you first learn the effect
that such a warning for a statement
had been made by Mr. Adams or anyone else?
I don't know anything about it any more.
You mean you never heard it?
It's like the one that you first hear the report.
I might ask you to pass on others to order that.
When did you first hear the report?
Or the allegation that Mr. Adams had made the statement
that if we issued subpoenas for those
who had cleared men with communist background,
that if we did that, there would be issued a report
that charged Colman what you made.
I never heard any, we never heard any such statement.
We finished emanating from your department
to the effect that you were so psyched.
Alleged Mr. Andreak, Mr. Colman's part.
I never heard any such statement.
You never did.
I'll say.
Did you ever come to me and complain about
any of the alleged Mr. Andreak, Mr. Colman's part?
Did I ever come to you?
Yes.
And complain about Mr. Colman?
I think you were well aware of what our attitude
was with respect to the price of Mr. Colman's putting on us.
Mr. Stevens, are you just answering my question with you?
Did you ever complain to me?
Have any of Mr. Condor or any pressure
in the part of Mr. Colman?
Mr. Adams did repeatedly.
Well, now, you're telling me what Mr. Adams said.
Did you, I'm asking you, did you, Robert T. Stevens,
ever complain to me about any of this conduct
in the part of my chief counsel?
I complained to you about some things
when you kept trying to get Sean to sign the New York,
for example, Senator.
No, I think you should answer this question, Mr. Secretary.
There's been considerable complaints that you've been kept
on the witness stand too long.
That junior captain, Mr. K,
that is, I'm sure his question is very simple,
and we certainly will give him all more expeditiously
if you will answer his question.
And that is, did you personally ever complain
to Senator McCarthy about Mr. Colman and Mr. Colman's
alleged efforts to get preference from treatment for shy?
I did not personally do that,
and I've heard from Senator for the reason
that most of the pressure was coming on Mr. Adams
from Mr. Colman. Mr. Adams was there for the one
that complained.
Did you not, I'm sorry, we had been in the gut.
Did you not repeatedly praise Mr. Colman to me?
That was sir, I don't recall that.
Don't you recall ever praising Mr. Colman?
I do not.
Never say anything good about him.
I won't say I never said anything to the bottom,
but I don't recall going out of my way to praise him.
Didn't you repeatedly praise Mr. Colman to me?
I do not recall ever having done that.
Mr. Stevens, as you know Mr. Colman,
as a background of having taken large parts
in the prosecution of the Rosenberg case,
Rosenberg was executed.
And when you're running in case,
the case of the second string communist,
as you know very well, he was the attorney
who presented the case before the grand jury
with six bulls 39 communist in the UN.
Mr. Chairman, may I suggest that the senator
may ask those questions instead of making statements of facts?
Look at all the facts, I'll tell you where are you
aware of those facts.
Yes, I know about some of those facts, you mean?
And there's no question in your mind
when you were talking to me.
I'm very assertive.
Just like that.
When you were talking to me in various occasions,
did we not discuss Mr. Colman's background?
And did you not tell me that you felt press?
I was extremely lucky to be able to persuade Mr. Colman
to come with a commission.
Senator McCarthy, I'm also interested in the military right.
This is the other people.
They say may I suggest that you answer these questions please?
I have this flagging interrupting.
And I hope you know that.
But when you do answer his questions directly,
he goes to another question and we are to that extent
nearly in this investigation.
Now, if you will do that, then you can make a statement
of explanation after it.
Well, the priority is also not to run the contract.
We'll be in defecation.
When you were talking to me on various occasions,
did we not discuss Mr. Colman's background?
And did you not tell me that you felt that I was extremely lucky
to have been able to persuade Mr. Colman to come to the committee?
I have no recollection of any such statement.
Senator McCarthy.
You don't recognize this.
You say you have no recollection of any such statement.
Do you recollect Mr. Stevens
and the presence of witnesses discussing with me Mr. Colman's record
of fighting communism and indicating.
I can't quote you verbatim indicating that you felt that I was extremely lucky
to have secured the services of Mr. Colman.
Do you recall that?
No, I don't.
I've already testified that I don't.
Another day you made the statement,
an answer to the leaves of Mr. Jenkins' question.
The asked whether or not you held a grudge or prejudice
and what were you against Mr. Colman,
you set out to try not answering that question.
That's right.
I wonder if you want to have the record stand.
You don't want to answer.
Well, they're not.
You hold personal animosity,
personal heart feelings toward this young man.
Well, I don't see any reason at this point to change the question.
The answer I'm asking, you know, I'm not answering any questions.
That's up to you.
I'm going to turn the questioning back to Mr. Colman.
Mr. Steve Owen.
Why are some time left, Senator?
I mean, for the time he for how much time he left.
The court of McCarthy.
30 seconds.
I can't.
I can need to take a new topic,
not to see the secretary.
Sorry, I didn't take a second.
Let me ask you a few five-kilometre seconds.
I think Mr. Colman took 12-10 minutes.
Let me ask you this with the secretary.
The other day, you're being questioned about a full conversation
meant from Mr. Adams to you and regard to General Law,
and the officer at Fort Monmouth.
And the question about the subject of that conversation.
At that time, Mr. Wilson, I think,
and not Mr. Wilson, Mr. Jenkins,
and I think rightly so,
give you an opportunity to refresh your recollection
by talking to Mr. Adams who is behind you.
At that time,
so that you could tell Lee Committee about this telephone conversation.
You refused to discuss the matter with Mr. Adams at that time.
I was very much surprised to hear the fact that you said
that all this array around you is for the purpose of giving you information.
Let me ask you, Mr. Miller,
time has expired, and so we'll have to.
We'll be right back.
Mr. Jenkins.
Any questions?
Mr. Secretary,
just a few questions, please.
Do I understand now that when you return from the Orient,
you went to certain members of this committee.
I believe the record shows the Republican members
and the Democratic members were not present.
Now, is that correct?
Mr. Chairman, more of the sake of accuracy
the Democrats were not members of the committee at that time.
Did you go to certain members of this subcommittee at that time as Secretary?
There are two Lebanon occasions.
I did, and I thought,
did you go to the members of the subcommittee,
or did Mr. Adams go with respect to Senator MacArthur's expressed intention or threat,
what I would desire to call it,
to have subpoenaed before his committee,
certain members of the Lawy of the Board,
was that you were Mr. Adams.
That was Mr. Adams.
And Mr. Adams told you about that visit
with certain members of the subcommittee,
did you not, as we understand it?
That's correct, isn't it?
Yes, sir.
Mr. Secretary,
was the purpose of that visit by Mr. Adams.
I expressed to you, Mr. Adams,
to get members of the subcommittee to prevail upon Senator MacArthur not to pursue his about intention
of having members of the Lawy of the Board subpoenaed as I understand it, Mr. Jenkins.
With the existing laws, directives and executive orders governing the making available
of information and membership and law reports,
and that sort of thing,
he went there for the purpose of explaining that to the senators
in order that we do not subpoena something that we didn't think we could move it for fun.
To the law, in short, you did not vote.
Members of the Lawy of the Board,
the Lawy of the Board, subpoenaed to a pre-before-the-McCardi Committee,
is that right, Mr. Stephen?
Yes, that's correct.
And in line with the law, as I understand it,
land with the law, or with a directives.
That's right.
And that was the only reason.
Absolutely.
Well, Mr. Stephen,
did Mr. Adams ever innovate to you that at that time he made an statement to any member of the subcommittee
that if that were done,
that he was a member of the Lawy of the Board, submitted before the MacArthur Committee,
he would issue a smear on Roy Cole, no sir.
Is this the first time you ever heard of such a thing as that?
It's certainly the first time I've ever heard anything so vividly put as all this has been put.
Well, now, do you tell us, and I don't know,
do you tell us that it was a violation of the law?
A violation of a presidential directive, or a directive for the Secretary of Defense,
to have subpoenaed before Senator MacArthur's Committee,
any member of the Lawy of the Board,
to ascertain why he had cleared,
I've what the Senator refers to as a Fifth Amendment Communist.
Well, Mr. Jenkins, I'm not a lawyer,
but my understanding of the law was that that would not be an accordance with the existing law,
directives, and executive orders.
And you say that it was the exact reason, and for that reason the law,
that we, the University of Amsterdam,
was born in Senator MacArthur,
to bring before him a member of the Lawy of the Board.
Is that right?
That's right.
So, I have passed.
Chair, any other questions?
Senator MacArthur?
Yes, for the sake of accuracy.
Do you understand the date about which Senate of MacArthur or Mr. Kohn
was inquiring with respect to your conversations with members of the Senate,
or members of this Committee, with respect to your legs,
that imp members of the Law of the Board were subpoenaed,
you would issue a smear statement on Mr. Kohn.
What date was that?
Well, I was on the far east.
So, when were you in the far east, and when did you get back?
I left on the 17th of January, and came back on the 3rd of February.
Then you were not here on the 19th,
when it was the 21st along the Air January.
Did I say somewhere or January?
If I said somewhere, if something makes sense.
Let's get a straight out.
I'll tell you this there.
I was away from 17th of January, to the 3rd of February in the far east.
All right, that gets straight.
That's all, Mr. Chairman.
I just want to get to that.
Any direction of any members of the Committee, right?
Any direction of any members of the Committee?
Just one question.
I understood your testimony in response to the Court.
I'm going to respond to the questions put by the Council, Mr. Jenkins.
That you felt that on the fight,
apparently, from counsel that you could not give the names of the people on the wildly reviewed boy
who make them available for testimony.
That was my understanding.
Well, then, then later, I was going to agree that this luncheon that you would make them available,
that the luncheon on February 24th,
you know, so that wasn't the only one that you can luncheon, not the dinner.
That wasn't discussed that day as I recall, Senator Jackson.
So I understood that there was an agreement.
Was there not an agreement later to make the names of these people available?
The agreement, as of February 24th, was that after the inspected General's report was complete,
that the names of the military personnel who had been connected with the arrest case
would be made available to the committee.
And that, well, not, that would not violate any executive order.
No, right, would not.
They would have to, in appearing before the committee, Senator Jackson.
They would have to testify within the limits of existing executive orders and presidential directives.
But you're a remake fall-off pilot, and the United States, right?
That's all.
Senator Simon-Jun?
Mr. Haryam, I have no questions, but I'd like to find out if you'd like to make a suggestion.
You're probably, this is the end of the eighth day, you're going into the ninth day.
I'm sure you're handling these questions better than I could after eight days, listening to them better.
Nevertheless, if I may suggest, if you'll answer yes or no,
and if you have something additional, let's you would like to say,
I think the hearings would go forward faster.
I'll be glad to try to do that, Senator Simon-Jun.
All I have to say is that, Mr. Wells?
Nothing, sir.
Mr. Cohn or Senator MacArthur?
I think Mr. Cohn was.
But, to Steven, his nut was not the situation concerning members of the loyal people or the identical
to the situation concerning the people who gave special treatments to Perez,
in other words, that they must on the law of the year before the committee.
And having a year, they may then invoke a presidential directive as to certain questions.
Well, now you're a lawyer and you're giving me, apparently, the answer.
I would have thought there was some difference, Senator Cohn.
And I'm sure, Mr. Secretary, you're perfectly free to consult with Mr. Wells,
and if your counsel wants you, I'm sure it can give you more confidence advice under the night.
But I would like to agree with you that the fact is exactly the same
because I think that will become very important here.
But I wouldn't think it was the same because the loyalty board is a board
and the names that I have agreed to supply to this committee from an Inspector General Report
are individual officers operating an individual capacity not as a loyalty board.
Well, sir, I must take to the loyal people at the end.
Can you, with advice of your counsel, cite to me any regulation
which gives immunity from the fee to members of a loyal people?
Any presidential directive, regulating or anything else,
which says that a member of the loyal people need not physically appear
before a Senate committee.
I say that there is no such in this country, and if there is one, I would like to be in white.
Well, we have the right to submit a memorandum to you on the morning
and give you the benefit of whatever regulations there are today.
And the month of Mr. J.K. could say about that.
I'm not a lawyer. I can't close up here in first office.
As the chair understands it, Mr. Welch and Mr. Sinclair are not necessarily authority.
Authorities on the work department procedure.
They're here in a special capacity for this hearing.
You might want to consult with a regular counsel.
The chair will say you may have until the more money to prepare such a memorandum.
I would ask you to have them present.
And maybe you could put it in the same memorandum, Stephen.
Whether it's not the fact that there is nobody in the United States of America,
who is immune, and he's citizen of the country who is immune from mis-suppene,
to appear, except the President of the United States.
And maybe they could cover that in the same memorandum.
Chair, I believe you said probably all Mr. Stephen's could competently testify
to his advice and counsel as insurvised a warrior part.
Very well. We just do them correct.
And any event, sir, we do have it as your testimony today.
That Mr. Adams told you when you returned from the pargue that he had gone to various members of this subcommittee
and asked them to prevail upon Senator McCawdy not to subpoena members of this loyalty blog,
which according to the Senator had cleared comments.
That's about the way I understood it from Mr. Adams.
Yes, sir. Now, Mr. Steve, is it not a fact, sir, that in October,
a member of the loyalty blog has been subpoenaed by this committee and had appeared
without any legal objection as to his appearance having been raised?
I don't know, perhaps that's so.
Did you ever hear the name Sherrod East?
Sherrod East.
Doesn't ring a bell.
Would it, could I refresh your recollection, sir, by telling you,
he was a member of your screening blog and that he appeared before our committee
in executive session in October of 1953 and testified without any legal objection
being exposed as to his physical appearance?
Well, that's your time, he's up, good, odd.
If I knew about it, that's my mod.
But, sir, I suggest I spoke to you on the telephone about that from your home.
You may have.
Could you refresh?
I don't want to press your on this if you have no recollection.
Could you refresh your recollection on that olden night, sir?
And, probably, I mean, whether or not you telephone me on two things,
whether or not you are aware of the fact that Sherrod East, a member of this very
saying screening board, had appeared before our committee in October of 1953
without any legal objection.
There was objection, sir, but not legal objection.
That is physical appearance and whether or not you and I discussed that on the telephone
the night of his appearance.
Would you run supply with a copy of the transcript, too, so I could look like it?
I think that's already been supplied, your office, but we will be happy to supply.
We will be happy to supply an additional copy.
I think it was October night.
Week ontober night.
Do we have a copy of that here, right?
We will be very happy to supply a copy of that, dear counsel, sir.
In fact.
And then I answer you by the chance to refresh your recollection.
My question to you, sir, will be if it was proper to do this in October
or in January.
Now, Mr. Stevens, is it not salts, sir, that the security screening board I will throw
at that and open up a new topic here, which we think is a considerable importance?
Will you agree with us, sir, that before this committee began its course of
the signal call.
Surely, sir.
Before you go into another topic, should I have the Secretary tell me who told you that under
the law or presidential regulation members of the loyalty board should not answer to a
statement that we should not have a single member of the law or the government.
The law or presidential regulation members of the loyalty board should not answer to a
subpoena.
Who tonight is your friend?
Well, I think quite a number of people have discussed quite widely within the department
of the Army.
Name one or two would you?
Well, I'd say that the judge has a good general's office, but certainly being a thing like
that.
I did.
One.
I'd say that John Martin has no say of the systems within it.
Mr. Secretary, he has a few specific questions whether or not the judge had the good general's
office was or was not in all that end.
So, a bag.
Well, I got my advice from a lot of different sources, Mr. Jenkins.
I'm sure that you answered.
You haven't answered the question.
Did or not the judge had good general's opposite bag, you whether or not it was a valid
even presidential directive or the law to have subpoena before the McCarthy Committee and
member of the law early forward.
Now, that's a specific question the senator asked and I have repeated it.
And why would say that they did?
You say they did.
And I think that's the direct rancher's center.
Who in the judge has a good general?
I can't give you the name.
Was it done in writing or verbally?
I think it was done verbally, although there have been many memorandum written on this whole
subject within the department of the army and the department of defense.
In other words, when we're in a room, we're written to you on this subject of other non-members
of the government.
No, not necessarily the name, but on the whole subject of security that's been a very big and
very wide subject until an awful lot of work done by an awful lot of people.
I'm interested in that.
Speaking of the whole subject of security, it has not been established that Mr. Adams did come
to the centers and tried to induce them to, in turn, either prevail upon me or vote me
down, so I could not issue subpoenas to the members of the loyalty board.
I believe you have stated, not for so many words.
I believe you have stated that the reason for that was that you felt that having a peer
would be a violation of either the law or some presidential directive.
That was fine.
I thought that's restricted ourselves and that subject not to the whole people to secure it.
Have you gotten a memorandum from any of the legal lengths over in the Pentagon?
So what's my answer to you?
I'd have to look it up, Senator.
I don't have any here.
You don't know.
No, sir.
Do you know who Mr. Adams and so I've asked you?
I think he probably did.
Because he probably did.
Yeah?
Now, I think we have to matter up with the Attorney General.
Let's get this...
A press to answer clearly my ink.
I am not speaking now about their rights of someone in the military or any other branch of the government.
If you refuse to answer a certain question, if an answer would violate a rule on everything they were operating,
I am speaking now of the rights of any lean government, any military department, to refuse to honor a subpoena.
And just say, I will not stop.
And do I understand that Mr. Adams was here at the end of the table?
Advise you.
That members of the Supreme Board were immune from a subpoena.
Did not have to answer a subpoena under the law.
Now, I wouldn't go that far, but I know that it was a matter of suspicion important, so that while I was in the faries, the matter was taken up with the Attorney General.
Right. Now, before you went to the faries, you met with me and asked me not to call the members of the loyalty board, and said you were turning to do?
I don't recall that.
Mr. Stevens, didn't you call me up and asked me to meet you over the chair of the irons?
Did we spend about two hours at the heart for that purpose?
Not for that purpose.
Did we discuss that when we were there?
I don't recall having discussed that. I remember a number of items that were discussed, but I don't remember that one.
Did you and I discuss this particular question that we're discussing today?
Namely, that you have no authority to order anyone not to appear.
Last they had to answer the subpoena, but when they were before the committee, then they could refuse to answer any question which would violate any order.
No such conversation with the Caroline before I left for the faries.
The only place, Mr. Stevens.
No, sir, I did not.
You don't recall the weavers discussed it.
I don't recall it.
I know.
Not certain that I'd think a long time before I'd say that a member of the department of army would not answer a subpoena.
That's a very serious matter. I would think that would have to answer it.
The moment your secretary, don't you think that I haven't been chairman of the committee?
Regardless whether you like or dislike the way I was acting as a chairman.
If you felt that we had no power to subpoena members of this whole screening board,
that then you should have told me and told me the grounds for that we could have discussed it.
The matter was taken up with the attorney general.
It's not in the car, they.
That's quite the thing for me.
And did the attorney general advise you to prevent members of the screening or loyalty board preparing?
I don't know, I was not here, they're not the swell, I was away.
Have you found out since?
Have I found out since?
No, I don't have any first-hand information on that.
I think maybe Mr. Adams will, but he doesn't.
Good. Good you find out, sir.
Well, do you hear it?
Sure.
I wonder if you had to.
Would you search your files and let them know?
Yes, sir.
Now, I'll be in for you this.
Upon your return from the far east, did you ever like that?
I believe it has been stated here that at the time you were contacting the Republican members of the committee,
that the Democrats were not on the committee of that time.
Displace the facts that they were not on the committee.
The administrative items, the contracts, that the Democrats have discussed the full matter with, the shyened matter with.
You'll have to ask Mr. Adams who we contacted.
I know you saw some members of the committee.
Did he tell you that the contacts of the Democrats were not on the committee of that time?
You'll remember, David.
He told me the senator that he had contacted the members of this committee, but I don't remember who.
Well, did he tell you, which is I could...
I can tell you what I did in the way of contacting them.
I only know now how to transfer them to each of me.
Well, I think that that is Mr. Adams, that's why I'm at the 2012's.
I told you, not what he did.
He was your support and that I assume you were forced to.
At the first minute, he told you that the pilot he was trying to keep me from issuing subpoenas for the screening board.
The pilot he was doing that, he also contacted the Democrats' members, but previously they were not on the committee of that time.
Now he didn't tell me that.
He didn't tell you that. He didn't talk to you about that at home.
The first time has expired, but the chair reminds the members of the committee that our meeting is at 5 o'clock and 3'5'7.
I think you know the list of invited guests. We'll meet that until 10'30 tomorrow.
And so we come to the end of the 8th day of testimony in these hearings with the end, don't wear a sight.
In fact, the witness still on the stand is Secretary of the Army Robert T. Stevens,
the first of the six principals in this affair to testify.
This raid, the hearings quit drag on for weeks.
Today we've heard more concern and more talk from the members of the committee about the slowness of the hearings, the almost endless repetition.
But seemingly, no one has found a way yet to overcommon it and speed up the process.
However, the committees, the principals and their attorneys are meeting in an executive session in a few minutes now.
Within the next half hour and a half.
And at this closed door meeting, some sort of urgent steps will be sought to prevent the hearings from dragging on to the utter exhaustion of everyone.
Today, when Secretary Stevens was on the stand, he denied ever heard, having heard anything, about a threat allegedly made to Roy M. Cohn, Senator McCarthy's committee counsel.
By his, Stevens counsel, John G. Adams.
Senator McCarthy alleged that Adams threatened to have Cohn charged with misconduct if Cohn attempted to subpoena for the committee.
Certain witnesses to tell why various alleged verses that Fort Markman were given loyalty clearances.